Documentation: Overhaul for 1.6 release (#362)
openSUSE/orthos2: docs/adminguide/groups_and_users.rst

Groups and Users
****************

Concepts
########

A standard user does not belong to a group. Orthos can manage its own user base. Additionally it can also connect to an

> ldap server and add ldap user to it's local database if successfully authenticated. By default the user cannot log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LDAP server and add LDAP users to its local database if successfully authenticated. By default the user cannot log
```
